meth lab in the back in the cracks
mobile to the streets like a movie money
phone Mama's in the starter house with
the hat cheap helping daddy chopper
early morning home I'm kitchen geez i
can only one and saw when i woke up to
the racket yawning balls with the Pope
man I can never get sleep man peeked out
the window what's wrong with child stood
up in my crimson tide alabama sweatpants
and through my pillow yo you too what's
percolating it's your man mr. foamer
simpson back with another sneaker video
so these came out at ball and buck a
couple of weeks ago I tried to get a
pair online but I was unsuccessful but
as fate would have it I was able to work
out a trade with my man Dubstepslap for
15 you already know who he is you know
how I do sometimes I get on my Pat Riley
on my GM grind got to make some some
trade some moves I think we were able to
reach a deal that we're both really
happy with I know I definitely am so
Doug good looks fam I appreciate it
samurai bow me now i know i said ball
and buck was a shop in Boston just to
get a little more into that real quick
and they actually only sell stuff that
is made in America they have lifetime
guarantees on their products which is
real cool the name all the buck actually
comes from a famous quote from George
Washington where he was trying to
promote using muskets and shotgun from
the Revolutionary board so basically the
homie George Washington was running
around the sawed off let's take a look
at these puppies let's get it all so
here are the two boxes will start with
the machine gun 50 cal ammo case real
nice new balance x ball and buck in this
pair is 62 out of 176 they made a
hundred and seventy six pairs because in
1776 the Revolutionary War started just
a little quick fun fact these only fit
up to a size 10 I think so it's nothing
that I'm gonna put the shoes in but
that's a nice little souvenir so to
speak you know told me this wouldn't
have been the ill lunch box back in the
day shout out to sneaker freaker by the
way on Instagram this is the Rambo lunch
box right here you could fit mad peanut
butter and jellies in here
all that not to mention if it ever
popped off at recess you could straight
Club someone over the head straight Fred
Flintstone status moving on you can see
these come in the regular box by the way
shout-out to Chris peak oil man new
balance has been getting a lot of
popularity lately and he's been rocking
them forever so it's only right to pay
homage dude has a sick new balance
collection definitely check them out
size 13 d for dope committed to american
workers like i said ball and buck only
rocks with stuff that is made in america
and these were made in america BAM these
joints are super fresh I love the 574
and these joints right here are just
crazy mark Bollman the owner at ballin
buck personally designed these and I
think he did a great job once again
committed to American workers and then
it says something in French just to
with him open it up and you see you got
a little reading material you know we
need to kill a few minutes on the
something like that you already
know this is that dumbo suede upper this
is that baby elephant ass right here you
know these joints are crack astronomy
crack astronomy crack a straw me on a
ride hoorah you got that that Grey
Poupon and with the mayonnaise
underneath my sandwich ain't a sandwich
without Miracle Whip I don't even know
if that goes together it sounds
gross as hell but it works on the kicks
man it works on the kicks and the dopest
part of the shoe is the toe box camo I
was actually able to chop it up with
Mark Volman a little bit and a real cool
dude and he told me that this was 10
ounce duck cloth and this particular
camo design is owned by ballin buck like
this is their he flew to Tennessee
to make sure the colors were right and
everything was good on it it's up here
on the vamp also on both sides this is
that duck hunter camo straight Nintendo
throwback I used to love that game if it
was flying it was dying I used to hold
the gun like oh dog for menace to
society put the gun right up on the
screen no extra laces with these shoes
but the gray works real nice got the
gray tag on top of that mesh toe
new balance 574 laces out dan Bugs Bunny
suede on the back here goes that carrot
orange he's always chewing on what's up
doc now this is that hunter orange
actually this is what you gotta wear so
Elmer Fudd doesn't pop out of a bush and
shoot you in the ass when it's wabbit
season got a little disclaimer right
here on the inside of the tongue you
will snap next when you put these on
your feet you got that sweat pant
material on the inside real soft the
insole is definitely fly it's like that
construction orange you can see it's a
lot brighter than that orange on the
hill this is almost like the Big Bang
orange right here new balance on the
bottom you got the hard plastic Pringle
stack on the back walter white midsole
this is that king of New York Frank
white right here shout out to Ames l you
got that NASCAR tire outsole this is
that Ricky Bobby right here these taste
of America I don't think I've ever
watched a NASCAR race in my life but
what's America without a little NASCAR
right the closest I ever came to NASCAR
was with the race and jackets back in
the day I had the Hot Wheels joint and I
had the Kellogg's joint with tony the
tiger on the back straight stuntin on
them over all these joints are stupid
fresh mark Bowman and balling buck
really hit it out of the park I love how
they took that classic 574 gray and gave
it their own little camo touch with the
orange and everything it's just the way
it goes together is just it's cracked go
this was their first sneaker collab
supposedly they're doing another one
with new balance before the end of the
year definitely excited to see how that
comes out so that's it for the review
not too much else to talk about I can't
shout out to dove for blessing me with
these kicks if you liked the video make
sure you hit the thumbs up also if you
are not already a subscriber make sure
go ahead and hit that subscribe button I
got a ton of videos coming in the next
few weeks if you like sneakers you would
like the channel you can follow me on
Twitter and Instagram at mr. Homer
Simpson hit me up can chop it up we can
chit chat about knickknacks this that
kicks that are chris ack even with zach
but you know fo me stay fresher than at
izzak and i'll be busy ack holler so
until next time mr. foamer simpson you
know